Re-sync by pravi
How doyou want me?
Oh, that's good.
Yeah.Just, uh--
Just get comfortable.
I'm a little nervous.
Nah, you're doing great.
A little to the right
there, gorgeous.
Okay. Like this?
Oh, that-a-girl.
Yeah.
Okay.
You ready?
- Yeah.
- You're blushing, Dorothy.
Okay, and big sm i le.
Kathy Regan.
I will always remember...
the game against Fairfiield.
That one final kick.
State champions, senioryear.
Hunter McCaffrey.
I will always remember
all the great times...
with the dirty dozen
and mackin 'all the honeys.
Cindy K., Tina B.,
Michelle H.
Goddamn.
Just too many to remember.
- Yeah!
- I'll always remember...
Iacrosse champions.
All the glory days
with the boys.
I will always remember...
the math club madmen.
- Look 21.
- Making the perfiect fake I. D.s.
Which lasted six seconds.
- Troy Cochran.
- Troy "Cock ring."
- T roy gives good head.
- Fuck you.
- I'll always remember...
- Seniors!
The seniorprank.
Seniors! Seniors! Seniors!
Matthew Kidman.
I will always remember--
Yeah, wel l, I told her
I wanted to try out.
We'd like to honor
a student who has shown
We have no doubt
that someday...
he will be one ofthe great politicians
in Washington.
The award for the bri ghtest
leader of tomorrow...
Matthew Kidman.
- I 'm in! I 'm in!
- Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
Georgetown's taking you?
Hey, Jenny.
- Do you have the fever?
- No.
Why? Do you?
I don't know. Maybe.
How about you?
I just gotta fuck somethin'.
I said everybodysay "ho"!
Ho!
You know what I say?
I saythis prom is gonna be offthe hook!
Do you feel me?
Yeah!
Security's gonna be tight.
Get wasted before you show up. Yeah!
That's enough.
I can wait.
I can wait, people.
Now, here's your
student council president...
who has a few
announcements to make.
Thanks, Mr. Salinger.
All right. How you doin'?
Okay, uh, let's start off
with Operation Get Samnang.
Samnang, baby!
Yeah.
Uh, well, we didit.
Uh, we raised the $25,000.
So now we can bring the genius
Samnang out ofCambodia...
and bring him here
to study at Westport.
Speaking ofwhich, um,
Samnang sent us a new tape.
Show that shit!
Showit!
Hi, everyone.
It's Samnang.
Yeah!
Samnang!
I'm very excited
to be coming soon.
- Areyou excited?
- Yeah!
I told my class that I'm coming to America.
Theywere sad.
- But Iam so happy.
- I want to bang you!
- Go, Cougars!
- Yeah!
How do theyskip class
everydayandgo to the beach?
Because they just don't care.
Let's go with 'em.
- Seriously. Let's just do it.
- Why?
Because, I mean,
we never do anything.
I mean, we're graduating.
We should be going nuts right now.
- Let's just do something.
- I am doing something. I'm going to class.
Klitz, you already got intoYale.
I mean, it doesn't matter anymore.
- Yeah, Klitz, you pussy.
- Well, why don'tyou go?
- Yeah, come on. Let's go.
- Beach is for fags, Matt.
- The beach is for fags?
- Yeah.
You know what?
You guys are fags.
Everyone to the beach!
Let's go!
Lock 'em and load 'em, dude.
Fuck it.
Personal power.
Personal power means
the ability to act...
the ability to take action.
There are three steps
to personal power...
that are necessary
to produce the results.
And here 's number one step
to personal power.
When you wake up
feeling truly lethargic--
Oh, shit.
F--
Hey! Pull it over!
Pull it over! Pull over!
Oh, you're home early.
Yeah, I postponed yearbook.
I gotta work on my speech.
- Mr. President.
- Mrs. Peterson.
- Congratulations.
- Oh, thankyou.
Congratulations. Georgetown. Wow.
You must be flyin'.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
What's the speech
you're working on?
It's for this scholarship I need to get
so I can actually go to Georgetown.
It's, um--
It's pretty expensive.
Yeah, what kindofscholarship is it?
I mean, what do theygive it for?
It's for the student who best demonstrates,
um, moral fiber.
Ah, moral fiber.
Well, that's--
- Oh, I'm sureyou'll get it.
- Thanks. I hope so.
There's some stiff competition,
and they only pick one of us.
So I'll just, uh, have to blow them away
with my speech.
Okay. So, why do I deserve
this scholarship?
Well, John F. Kennedy
once said...
"Ask not whatyour country
can do foryou...
but whatyou can do for--"
I'm just saying that
this girl was unbelievable.
I mean, she was
like this angel.
I mean, she had this smile.
I mean, you should have seen it.
- So, did you bang her?
- Oh, yeah. Yeah. I banged her.
- That's what a man does. Okay?
- Yeah. Okay, Eli.
Good.
Whoa.
Oh, my God.
She's so hot.
- What channel, dude?
- No. The-- The girl next door.
- I can see herthrough my window.
- How's the rack?
God, who is this girl?
- Hold on. Relax.
No, dude. You relax.
Be a man and go over there.
Okay. Saywhat?
I don't know. Get offyour ass
and do something. Fuck!
- Hey, what are you doing?
- What?
Hey, dude, seriously,
I told you. It really freaks me out...
- when you watch that
whileyou're talking to me.
Just learn to like it.
Oh, my God.
What? Matt, what?
Matt.
Dude, what the fuck?
Shit.
- Yes?
- I'm sorry.
- Dan.
- What's going on?
Matthew.
Matthew, come down here.
What are you doi ng up there?
- Nothi n'.
- Come down here.
This is Danielle.
You know Mrs. Clark
from next door.
Wel l, Danielle's her niece.
Danielle just told us
something very interesting.
Mrs. Clark is inAfrica
fortwo weeks with her church group.
Didyou know that?
- Um--
- Well, anyway, Danielle
and she's house-sitting
while her aunt's away.
Why don't you
show her around?
Such a long road, you know.
Uh, what are we doing?
- Did you like whatyou saw?
- What areyou talking about?
- Okay. I saw-- I sawyou for, like, an instant.
- An instant?
Yeah. It was-- It was no--
It was no big deal.
No, no. It-- It was--
It was a--
It was a big deal,
but it's just that...
I didn't--
I'm-- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
So, what are we gonna do
about this?
Uh, I mean, I-- I said--
I said I was sorry.
- What?
- You saw me.
Yeah, right. Like I'm gonna strip
right here.
Areyou-- Areyou serious?
No.
Uh, no.
No. Never gonna happen.
Uh-uh.
The whole package.
No, come on. This is good enough.
Jesus! Come on.
Will you relax?
Frickin' psycho.
There. You happy now?
- Yep.
- Hey!
Wait!
No!
Jesus. Sorry.
You're an asshole. It's not funny.
It's a little funny.
Come on.
Let me in. Let me in.
It's not funny.
It's a little funny.
So, what else do you do
besides torture people?
- Seriously. What's your story?
- I don't know.
I kind of just quit myjob.
I want to start over,
maybe go to college.
So, uh, are--
are you here alone or--
What? What?
Just ask.
Doyou have a-- a boyfriend?
No.
Aren't you gonna ask me
ifl have a girlfriend?
- No.
- Okay.
So, you're about to graduate.
You must be going nuts right now.
Yeah. I mean, uh...
it's just been, uh--
been offthe hook, you know.
- Really?
- Yeah.
So, what's the craziest thing
you've done lately?
Oh, I mean, it's--
it's hard to tell, you know...
because we've-- I've just
done so much nuts stuff.
I mean, it's just offthe hook,
offthe walls. I mean--
You haven't done anything,
haveyou?
No.
It's kindof-- It's kindofbeen
myproblem lately.
Come on.
There's gotta be something.
What about your girlfriend?
Okay. We can figure this out.
You just-- You need a girl.
What kind of girl?
Definitely someone cute.
Definitely.
Someone who can
make him laugh.
But he also needs
someone who's gonna push him.
Someone who's gonna
make him do things...
he never thought
he could do.
Like stripping
in the middle ofthe street?
- Well, thanks for the ride.
- No problem.
Well, um,
good night.
Good night.
- Good night.
- "Good night"?
What areyou, gay?
I would have nailed her.
- First ofall, you wouldn't have nailed her.
- Whatever, dude.
And, you know, secondly, you know,
the vibe was not right.
The vibe wasn't right?
Dude, she comes to your house,
What does she have to do?
Sit on your face?
- Ow.
- Come on, bitch!
Damn.
- Should have kissed her.
- You okay? Dude?
All right. You all have
this graph, correct?
Good. Let's move along then.
Now, it's a verysimple
equation here.
Can anybodygive me
the answer to this?
All right. Ifno one knows
the answer to this--
Questions on this?
Whoo!
Yeah!
Good news, ladies and gentlemen.
Pop quiz time.
That's SamnangSok.
He's this complete genius.
So we raised all this money for him
to come here and study at our school.
Who's we?
Well, I mean,
I-- I did, but--
but, you know, he could be
the next Einstein, you know.
You know,
he could cure cancer.
Let's go.
So, what do you want to do?
What?
- I'm not stripping again.
- Come on.
Danielle.
Come on.
Where areyou going?
Hey, come on.
Let's get out ofhere.
How doyou know
no one's home?
- I don't.
- Come on.
Seriously. This is nuts.
- Ooh, boxers.
- I always wear boxers.
You just caught me
on a weird day.
So...
what's the craziest thing
you've done lately?
Uh, this is right up there.
Oh, my God.
- Uh-oh.
- That's--
- That's Mr. Salinger.
- Who?
That's-- That's my principal.
Seriously. Let's go.
- It's not funny.
- It's a little funny.
Hey. Hey.
Just go with it.
Go, go.
- Dude, I'm kind of uncomfortable
watching this with you.
Dude, learn to like it.
I'm all wet.
Can I come in?
Uh-- Uh--
Hey, guys.
Uh, this is Danielle.
You must be Eli
and Klitz. Right.
Hey, come on.
We're-- We're all goin' out.
- Can I use your bathroom first?
- Oh, uh, it's-- it's over here to the left.
- Dude.
- I know.
- Dude, what are we doing here?
- Yeah, I know.
Guys, seriously, it's gonna get broken up,
like, any second now, right?
Guys?
Hey, relax!
Chill out!
- Fuck off.
- Sorry.
Go.
- So, what do you want to do?
- Let'sjust chill.
Hi, guys.
Hey. Is this your party?
No, it's a friend of mine's.
- I'm Hunter.
- Danielle. This is Matthew.
- Hey, man. What's up?
- What's up?
Can I get you guys
something to drink?
- Yeah.
- Hey, man. What's up?
- Can you come here for a second?
- Yeah.
- Oh, no, it's cool. They're pals.
- Oh.
- What's up?
- Yeah, man, this party's gettin' kind offull, bro.
- Yeah. So?
- So you're gonna have to take off.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Okay, but, um...
- I'm-- I'm with her.
- Oh, it's cool, dude. She's taken care of.
There's the door.
Drink it!
Kevin's here!
Yo, man.
When's Samsung gettin' here?
- Samnang.
- Yeah.
Whoo! I love him.
Dude, I'm gonna do that little guy
when he gets here.
Hard.
- Cool, dude. I'm sure he'll like that.
- Whoo! Samnang!
Excuse me.
- Dude.
- I know.
What's up?
- What?
- You're coming with me right now.
Everybody out.
Let's move.
I said out, minions!
- Shit.
- Move! Move! Faster, you little maggots.
- So how's everything going?
- Fine.
Is everything, you know,
okay at home?
All right. What?
Perhaps you should
have a seat.
- Perhaps you should bite me.
- Perhaps.
Matthew...
we live in a crazy,
mixed-up world.
Crazy,
but, oh, so beautiful.
Ooh, excellent, grasshopper.
And now for the final task
ofyour training.
You're gonna need a harder piece
ofwood than that, cowboy.
- That's not her.
- Yeah, it is.
Oh!
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
Matt, Matt. Dude, you're missin'
the best part.
Matt. Dude! Matt.
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa.
Settle down, tiger.
- I know. I know.
- It's not funny. Seriously, get away from me.
- Dude, don't mess this up.
- Mess what up?
Matt, she's
a porn star, okay?
Take her to a motel room
and bang her like a beast.
- Eli, I like this girl.
- And you can still like her
Matt, I'm telling you, you're gonna
regret this. Whatwould J.F.K. do?
You know
he'd tap that ass.
- Eli, I'm never gonna see her again.
- You know what? Fine.
- Fine.
- Fine!
Goddamn it, Matt.
I swear to God...
ifyou don't fuck her,
I'll kill myself!
Matt, please, please, Matt!
Fuck her for me!
For me!
- Oh, Marci, you're so funny.
- Oh, thanks.
I just saw you naked.
- What?
- Oh, don't worry, honey.
- Let's see what else we have.
- What are you doin' here?
- I just came here to say hi.
- Hi.
Oh, look at this one ofhim.
Hey, buddy.
- What?
- That one's the best.
That's such a good one.
- Here you go, Danielle.
- Oh, thanks.
Mmm.
- Thatta girl.
- This is a cute one.
Ohh, who's your daddy.
So, you were going to school
in Los Angeles?
For a while. Uh, but then I started
working on other things.
Oh. What kind ofthings?
Let me showyou.
Jesus!
- Areyou okay?
- Yeah. I don't know. I, um--
I don't feel so good.
Oh.
What can I do
to makeyou feel better?
Oh, yeah.
I think I'm feeling
a lot better now.
- Really? We can go out another night.
- No, we're going out tonight.
- Are you sure?
- Positive.
- Look, I don't know ifl can do this.
- Yes, you can.
For tonight,
be the man.
First off, act like
you don't even like her.
- Hey.
Second, get her drunk--
really drunk, okay?
That way the true porn star
will come out in her.
Here. I, um--
I got us something.
Bourbon?
- Are you trying to get me drunk?
- No. What?
- I thoughtyou liked to rock.
- Like to rock?
Last andmost important...
always be touching her, man.
That tells heryou came here
to get down tonight.
What are we doing?
Just chillin'.
Oh. Hey, look.
Um, may-- maybe, uh,
we should, um...
get a room.
Okay.
Here it is.
Wow.
This is, uh--
This is really nice. Uh--
TV, air conditioner.
Got a little lamp there.
Is that a Monet?
What--
What are you thinkin'?
What are you thinking?
I don't know.
Do you want to fuck me?
Um--
Come here.
How do you want me?
Why are you doing this?
What?
This.
Isn't this whatyou want?
To fuck a porn star
in a cheap motel room?
So this is what
you think of me.
- Danielle, wait. I'm sorry.
- Let me guess.
Someone showed you a tape,
and you thought, "What the hell.
- Right?
- Eli told me to do it.
Oh, now that's
a mature response.
- Why didn'tyou just tell me?
- Because I didn't want to, okay?
Because I loved the way
you looked at me.
God, doyou have
any idea how--
Forget it.
- Holdon.
- Fuckyou.
You're done.
Look, I'm-- I'm an idiot, okay?
I saw the tape,
and I freaked out.
Hi. I'm comin' in.
Can-- Can I come in?
Look, I--
I've just been crazy lately.
I mean, this-- the whole scholarship thing,
you know?
I mean, it's--
it's killing me, you know?
But I'm not-- I'm not even
thinking about that.
The only thing
I care about is you.
You know? All I want is for us
to go back to normal again.
It's a real nice place
you got here, "D."
I, um--
Can we...
- talk about this later?
- Yeah.
Sure.
I liked that.
- What?
- What you said in there.
Thanks.
- Kelly.
- Oh. Matthew.
Mm-hmm.
- So you're friends with "D," huh?
- Yeah.
Well, we're, um--
We're kind of going out.
Look atyou.
You are a forest fire.
- Are we going?
- Yeah.
- You comin' with us?
- Where you goin'?
He can't.
He's got school tomorrow.
No, no. I'm cool.
Like, where are we goin'?
What can I get forya?
Two Scotch rocks and, uh--
Make it three. Actually, I'll have, uh--
a Long Island iced tea.
So, what grade are you in, man?
I'm a senior, but, uh,
I'm about to graduate.
Congratulations.
What's next?
Georgetown, hopefully.
Matthew wants to be
president.
Really?
That's great, man.
Yeah. How do--
How do you two know each other?
How do we know each other?
We used to work together.
So you're, like--
like, an actor?
Hmm? No.
Strictly producer.
But "D" and I also used to go out.
Excuse me a sec.
So you guys went out?
Thankyou.
- Look, can we just talk?
- Talk.
I don't know
ifthis is reallythe place.
- Why? What's wrong with it?
- Oh, nothing.
It's-- It's fine.
It's one of my favorites.
Hey. You got one for me?
- What are you doing?
- What?
Here.
You turn it like so.
Hey, where you goin'?
The bathroom.
Is that okay?
Yeah.
So you're really
into her, huh?
Hey. I get it, man. Believe me.
She's gorgeous.
I just thinkyou'd want
someone moreyour age.
- She is my age.
- Yeah. I meant...
experience-wise.
No offense.
Don't worry about it.
I'm gonna take care ofyou.
Oh, myGod.
That's Mr. Peterson.
That's my dad's friend. He comes over
to dinner all the time with his wife.
Really?
Hey, Peterson.
Dude, what areyou--
What areyou doing, man?
Yeah, you.
Get overhere.
Goddamn, Peterson.
Haven't seen your black ass in ages.
I -- I --
Do I know you?
- What the fuck's your problem?
- I -- Uh--
J ust fuckin'
with you, man.
Hey. You know myfriend
Mattyhere, right?
Matthew. Hi.
Peterson, this is
Matty's first time.
Why don't you
buy him a dance?
So, did you hear
about that scholarship yet?
Uh, no. The big
dinner's on Thursday.
Uh-huh.
So, uh,
what's it for again?
The scholarship.
It's for, uh,
moral fiber.
So, who is this guy?
He's, like, a porn producer?
Klitz, shut up.
Now, the strippers.
When you were getting a lap dance,
were they cool with you grabbing their ass--
Dude, oh, my-- oh, my God.
I'm trying to talk about Danielle.
Fine. Selfish bitch.
Forteenagers,
sexual intercourse can be dangerous.
Jesus, what hack made this?
I could make a better
Why don't they
update this thing?
Special events,
such as your senior prom...
place added pressure
on young teens to lose theirvirginity...
and also engage
in unprotected sex.
- Hello.
- Hey, Bob.
We're all going to the creek tonight.
It's gonna be a gas.
- You're comin', right?
- I can't, guys.
I have a baby now.
Because of prom.
What?
Yeah, right.
You guys everthought about it?
No.
I just thinkyou guys would be really hot.
You girls are 18, right?
- I am.
- I will be in a month.
- Really? You ever been photographed?
- Yeah. A couple oftimes.
Hey, you guys
know Matty?
I hung with him last night.
Guy's the tits.
- There's my man.
- How you doin'?
What's up, fellas?
Matty...
you didn't tell me you got some
serious burners at your school here.
- Shut up.
- Don't say that.
Hey, you know who's got
the killer bud?
This fucker right here.
What areyou talking about?
- Yeah, come on.
- Yeah. You have some?
- Uh--
- Yeah. Come on.
- Holy shit!
- You guys should party.
- Can I--
- All right. We're out.
- Uh, holdon a sec.
- Hey. Whereyou going?
- Got things to do, ladies.
- So, you wanna hang out?
- Hop in, fellas.
- Aren't you gonna photograph us?
- Always leave 'em wantin' more.
- Watch it!
Man, there is some talent here.
You get those girls together
with those ass-bags right there...
shoot 'em humping at, like,
a football game or at a prom...
that video would sel l.
Fuck, I 'm good!
How do I get these ideas?
It's like a gift,
you know.
It's like
I can't control it.
So, what are we doin', men?
Right. I need to transfer that.
You know, you really didn't
have to come with me.
Ah, it's cool.
I like runnin' errands.
Soyou raised 25 G's just to
bring this Chinese guy over.
He's Cambodian.
Okay, so that's
25,000 total...
deposited into the Operation
Get Samnang account.
Hey, soyou raised
all the moneyyou needed.
- Congratulations.
- Thanks.
So, is this Samnang
really as smart as they say?
Well, he did teach himself calculus
without even using his textbook.
- So--
- Wow.
Those crazy little fuckers, man.
They sure know their numbers.
Uh, Jeannie, this is my, um--
This is my student adviser.
Oh. You're Mr. Salinger?
Just here to make sure
everything's up to par. Wow.
- What?
- I love those earrings.
- Oh, thankyou.
- Theyreallycomplementyour coloring.
Thanks. I just
got back from Cabo.
- Did you?
- Yeah.
Okay. Well, uh, we gotta go.
Thanks, Jeannie.
- Man, what were you doing?
- Yeah.
There's a bar under there,
sit with other people.
- You have been there. See? I knew.
- No. No.
- I couldshowyou around.
- This guy's unbelievable.
You.
- Where you guys goin'?
- Vegas, baby.
We got the convention.
Gotta press the flesh, meet the fans.
So that's it?
You're just goin' back?
I don't belong here.
What doyou-- What doyou mean?
What about starting over?
This is what I am.
Allright, "D."
Let's roll.
Dude, it's not your fault.
No, it is my fault.
If I hadn't been such a dick
and taken her to that motel room--
Yeah, that was a little forward,
don'tyou think?
- Dude.
- What?
Matt, the point is
she made her decision.
There's nothin'
you can do about it now.
Yeah, there is.
- Hey, hey, Dad.
- Mom, don't wait up.
- I'm gonna be late.
- I'll watch it with you tomorrow.
- SharkWeek is all week long.
- God, I just wanna bang hot chicks.
- Move it.
- Sorry.
Big smile.
- Yo, man, no press!
- No, no, no. I'm not-- I'm not press.
I 'm still in high school, okay?
This is for my high school video yearbook.
I swear to God.
That's right, bitch.
Athena!
Jesus, is that her?
Come on. Come on.
Give me a second, guys.
Athena! Athena!
- Danielle.
- Athena! Athena!
Danielle.
Athena, right here.
Keep working it, Athena.
Look, I'm sorry.
I-- I had to come.
I feel like
this is all my fault.
Who is this guy?
Will you at least
look at me?
You're the best thing
that ever happened to me, okay?
- Me too!
- Danielle.
He's so sweet.
Danielle.
Nice job, dickwad.
- Danielle.
- Hey, man. Get me out ofthis thing.
- Take me with you, dude.
- Danielle.
J ust leave me alone,
please.
Danielle.
Danielle, Danielle, Danielle.
- Hugo, hi.
- Look atyou.
You look fantastic.
Juststarting out
andeveryone knowsyourname.
- No, they don't.
- So how's Kelly treating you?
- Okay.
- Just okay?
Danielle,
what do we know? Hmm?
- Uh--
- What do we know?
We know thatyoushould
be with me.
At the top
where the air is crisp.
- Nice tan.
- Kelly, what do we say?
Fuckyou.
Always with the big words.
Danielle,
where the air is crisp.
- What does that mean?
- Nothing. He's just being Hugo.
Matty.
What areyou doing here?
Um, look, Kelly,
no offense...
but I really don't think
Danielle wants to be here right now.
Matthew, please just
go home, okay?
Hey, "D." "D."
I'm sorry, man. Come on.
Let's get out ofhere.
What's up?
- It's not cute anymore.
- What?
Stop filling her head with that--
Do not piss me off!
Hey, I thought
we were friends.
Friends don't fuckwith
each other's business.
And that's what this is--
my fuckin' business.
What?
What areyou gonna do?
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Stay the fuck away from her.
Matt, seriously, man,
it's 2:00 in the morning.
Hey, what about your thing tomorrow?
The scholarship dinner?
Sorry, I gotta do this.
Oh, by the way, ifthings get bad,
just bolt, okay?
- What? What do you mean
"things get bad"?
Wait, wait.
What's he talking about?
Hi.
Dude, am I ugly?
What?
No. No, man.
You're fine.
- Just--Just relax.
- No, I'm ugly. I know it.
So, what doyou guys do?
I get freaky.
Uh-- Uh, we're directors.
Really? Wouldyou guys
ever want to use me
Uh--
Hell, yeah, we'll use you.
Baby, I'll do things to you
I wouldn't do to a farm animal.
- What the fuck did you just say?
- Honey...
these guys are directors
and theywant to use me.
- "Useyou"?
- Guys, this is my boyfriend-- Mule.
Uh, hi, Mule.
Let's do it.
Man, you gotta use my girl, bro.
She's so good.
I am.
I really am.
Doyou want to give hera throw?
- Yeah. Try me out.
- No, you know. No.
Well, come on.
At least feel hertits.
Uh, I'm okay. I-- I can't.
Thankyou though.
Fuck it. I'll feel one.
We're allset fortomorrow.
Athena will be there,
Not bad, huh? Suckers cost me six grand.
Yo, Mule.
What the hell are you doing?
Steel, check it out, man.
These guys are directors.
Man, these punks
ain't directors.
They're in high school, you idiot.
Okay, here's the thing--
Oh, shit!
- Come on, Klitz!
- Get off ofthis!
Whoa!
- Matty, time to go. Time to go.
- What happened?
It got bad.
Bolt! Bolt!
- Dude, wait up.
- Fuckyou, dude!
Excuse me.
I just want to letyou know,
I know who you really are.
And you're better than this.
Yeah.
Need a ride to school?
It's allyou now. I mean,
nowyou can do whateveryou want.
Why do you
believe in me so much?
I don't know.
Maybe I'm stupid.
Good luck tonight.
Thanks.
- Bye.
Will you go
to prom with me?
What?
I would love to.
Now for the scientific
explanation. Anybody?
That your speech?
Yeah.
You ready for tonight?
- Don't worry, man. You're gonna be great.
- I have to be.
That fuckin' bitch
can't just run away...
'cause she don't want
to fuck on film anymore!
May I helpyou?
- Get up.
- Okay, okay.
Stay in school.
Look, I have the most important dinner
of my life tonight...
so whereverwe're going,
we just have to be home by 6:00.
Just soyou know.
Here he comes.
- It's a cool ride, huh?
- Yeah, ifyou're a fag.
- Jesus!
- It's cool! It's cool!
Get in.
Where are we going?
I thought
you were cool, man.
I tried to beyour friend,
and what doyou do? You fuck me.
- I didn't fuckyou.
- She didn't show up on set
Now I'm out 30 grand.
Guess who's paying me back.
What? I don't have 30 grand.
- Getyour folks to helpyou out.
- Theydon't have that kindofmoney.
Look, Kelly,
I'm a problem solver, all right?
This is what I do. Okay?
Let's just-- Let's just think
outside of the box here.
Look, she'll get ajob,
I'll keep mowing lawns.
Over time, we'll pay it down.
You know? This can work.
We can do this.
It'll be like a payment plan.
You really care
about her, huh?
- Yeah, I really do.
- I don't know.
IfI'm gonna do
this payment plan thing...
I need a show
of good faith, you know?
- Something concrete.
- Well, like what?
A blow job.
Nah, I told you.
She's not gonna do that anymore.
Who said anything
about her?
Yeah. We're definitely
outside the box now, huh?
Nowyou gotta
askyourself...
how far are you
willing to go, hmm?
Howmuch doyou
reallycare about her?
I'm joking, man!
Relax.
- Damn! Do I look gay to you?
- No, but, geez--
You wanna be president...
Iet me tell you
the first rule of politics:
Always know ifthe juice
is worth the squeeze.
You know
what that means?
It means you don't steal my girl
unless you're ready to accept
All right.
I'm sorry, okay?
That's gonna swell up
like a bitch. Here, take these.
I'm telling you,
it's gonna hurt like shit.
I'm sorry I got upset.
I just-- I felt
taken advantage of.
Look, I'm not gonna be a dick.
I know she loves you.
I'm gonna leave
you guys alone.
But nowyou're doing
something for me.
Remember that ass-bag Hugo
from the convention?
We used to be partners
a long time ago.
One day, I had
this killer idea...
to make films set in
real-life situations.
You know,
Real World porn.
I tell the idea to Hugo.
He says he'll think about it.
And what does that
motherfucker do?
Takes my best girls,
starts his own companywith my idea...
and the guy
makes millions.
It's not the money that pisses me off.
I mean, yeah, fuck...
it does piss me off,
but that's not it.
It's the perception.
Everybody thinks Hugo's the genius.
It was my idea. It's like he's Simon
and I'm Garfunkel.
Look at me, man.
I'm fuckin' Garfunkel.
Look, seriously.
I can't do this.
Don't be a pussy.
Nobody's home.
- Why doyou want this thing so bad?
- Because. It should've been mine.
- I'mjust gonna grab it andleave.
- You don't understand.
I have to be at a dinner in an hour.
Mywhole life depends on it.
- You want me out of Danielle's life?
- Yes, I do.
- Then let's go.
- But wait. Seriously--
Sometimes in life,
ifyou want to do something good,
Yeah, but this is
breaking and entering.
This is politics.
Hey, after this,
we're cool, okay?
You're all right, man.
Yes. I'd like to report
a robbery.
Bang me!
Cradle the balls!
Help me!
Help! Ah, fuck!
Wait! Come on!
Okay, so what time
does the dinner start?
6:00. Why?
What time is it now?
- 6:30.
- Oh, my God!
Don't worry.
We'll get there.Just try and--
Dude, what areyou doing?
I don't know. I just--
I feel so good.
Oh, my God.
I-- I just feel
so weird.
Shh. Don't worry.
Ecstasy is not that bad.
- What?
- Kelly likes dosing people with "E."
Oh, my God.
Am I gonna die?
No, no. It's okay, Matt.
You're gonna be fine, I promise.
You're such a good friend,
Klitzy. I love you.
I love you so much.
This is gonna be amazing!
Wait a second.
Oh, my God.
You don't understand.
It's really
kicking in right now.
Just try not to talk
so much, okay?
Talk so much?
I'm giving a speech.
- It's okay.Just go with it.
- Wait, wait, wait!
In a few minutes, we'll begin
the speeches, and we hope--
Thankyou again for coming
towhat promises to be
Matthew Kidman.
Ah, mycompetition!
Hey, what's up, Ryan?
Jesus! What happened to you?
J ust living life, my man.
Mina, how are you?
Okay.
J ust a little nervous.
Oh, but you're a little
temptress though, aren'tyou?
Hey, buddy,
howyou doing?
Hey, thanks a lot,
thanks a lot.
Huh? Huh?
Hey, there's
the big daddy, huh?
Matthew, what has been
going on with you?
Some serious shit.
But, Jesus, man,
it's good to seeyou!
Will you excuse us,
please?
Oh, my God.
Am I blowing it?
Just try and control yourself.
Just breathe, okay?
All right.
I've learneda lot
from myteachers...
but my best teacher
has always been my mother...
a woman who worked threejobs
trying to support me...
eversince
I was a little nina.
I will never forget
the dayshe said to me...
"Si trabajas duro,
todo es posible."
And that is why I have always
tried to answer the call
who urged us to ask not
what your country--
Let's see here.
I can't speak a foreign language,
so that's out.
And I certainlycan't quote
J.F.K.. Now, can I, Ryan?
You know, it's funny.
I have this whole speech prepared...
and I 've been practicing
for weeks, but you know what?
I 'm just gonna go with it.
Moral fiber.
So what is moral fiber?
I mean, it's funny.
I used to think it was always telling
the truth, doing good deeds...
you know, basically being
a fucking Boy Scout.
But latelyI've been seeing it differently.
Now I think that moral fiber
is about finding that one thing
That one special thing
that means more toyou than
And whenyou find her,
you fight for her.
You risk it all.
You put her
in front ofeverything--
your future, your life--
all ofit.
And maybe the stuffyou do
to help her isn't so clean.
You know what?
I t doesn't matter.
Because in your heart,
you know...
that the juice
is worth the squeeze.
That's what
moral fiber's all about.
First, I'd just like
to commend the candidates...
on their impressive remarks.
Thisyearwas
a verytough decision.
Andas much as we'd love
to giveyou allscholarships, we can't.
And so, I am proud
to announce...
the winner ofthis year's
Sheridan Scholarship...
Ryan Winger.
Oh, God, what happened?
Yeah, I slipped.
Listen, Jeannie,
Samnang's coming on Monday.
I know.
How exciting.
Yeah, so I'm gonna need
to close out the account.
- What doyou mean?
- I mean I'm gonna need
- But it's already closed.
- What areyou talking about?
Your teacher came byyesterday,
and he cleared out the account.
- Who? What teacher?
- Your student adviser.
Mr. Salinger. The one
you were with the other day.
Mr. Salinger?
What areyou--
Samnang,
what's wrong, my son?
That Matthew Kidman.
He fucked me, Mom.
He fucked me so bad!
Son of a bitch.
- Oh, my God.
- What's wrong?
Jeannie, didn'tyou
ask for I.D. or anything?
You said he was
your student adviser.
Oh, my God.
- Jeannie, where areyou going?
- To get the manager.
- No, wait, wait.
- Matthew, what's going on?
Look...
that guywasn't
my student adviser.
No. I know, I know.
I can get the money back.
We just need to keep this
between me and you for now, okay?
That's a great blouse.
Have you lost weight?
No? No, wait, wait!
Jeannie! Jeannie!
Jeannie, Jeannie, Jeannie.
You think about this.
This is your fault too.
You didn't ask for I.D.
You didn't do anything.
And I sawyou flirting with him.
So unprofessional. You're gonna
Don'tyou threaten me,
you little shit!
I could give a fuck aboutyou
and your little rice boy.
- I'm not getting fired over this!
- Okay, okay. I'm sorry.
Please.Just-- No one can ever
find out about this.
Ifthis gets out, I'll be expelled.
My life will be over.
Ifthat money isn't back by Monday,
I wouldn't worry about being expelled.
I'd worry about
going to jail.
Jeannie.
- Hi, Jeannie.
- Hi, Martin.
Matthew, what's wrong?
Matt, is there something
Matthew, honey, what is it?
- H i.
- Come here.
I 'm i n so m uch trouble.
I can't believe
we're even thinking about this.
Well, ifyou need
that kind of money by Monday--
Yeah, but what are we doing?
I can't getyou involved in this.
I want to do it.
Why?
Moral fiber.
- I'm in.
- You haven't heard the whole plan.
Ah! It doesn't matter.
Fuck film school.
This is gonna be huge.
This is gonna be
my calling card.
No.
- Klitzy.
- No way.
Klitz, you know I wouldn't ask for this
unless I really needed it.
Matt, believe me,
I want to helpyou, but... no.
- We'll get expelled.
- Klitz, shut up.
Do me a favor, okay?
Take a look at us.
Take a good look at us.
Doyou know what we are,
the three of us?
What?
We're a fuckin' tripod.
- A tripod.
- Yeah. You know what that means?
That means ifyou kick out
one of our legs, then we all fall.
Come on, baby!
Fuck.
I know it was you, Klitzy.
- Where is she?
- Oh, there they are. Hey!
- Hey!
- Hi, Danielle!
Hi!
Let's get our luggage. Yeah!
- All right?
- I'll be there in a minute.
So if I pull this off,
I get the 25 grand on Sunday?
Kid, you pull this off,
I'll take care ofyour little Samsung.
- Samnang.
- Whatever.
Have a nice prom, kid.
All right, minions,
over here.
Relax, relax.
You know what?
Go wait in the car. Go.
Jesus.
Gentlemen, these areyour prom dates,
April and Ferrari.
Ladies, we have Eli and Klitz.
- Your name is Clits?
- With a "K."
Okay, get a two-shot.
M-M-Minions!
All right, guys, get closer.
Yeah, that's right. Show me the love.
Feel it, feel it! Nice.
Eli, do those girls
go to your school?
Uh, actually, no,
Mrs. Kidman.
They're porn stars.
Y-You look, uh--
You look really nice.
Thanks.
You really do, hon.
You look so beautiful.
Really? Oh, thanks.
- What are all these cameras for?
- They're for video yearbook.
So what should we do?
Should we start setting up?
Yeah. We just gotta
keep this low-key, okay?
Okay.
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna get
our actors.
Dude, make sure
they can act.
Yeah, all right.
Just get out ofhere, okay?
Hey, I got this
taken care of.
You just show this little lady
a good time tonight.
Minions, let's move!
- So what are we doin'?
- Relax, relax.
Come on, play it cool,
play it cool.
Look.
They're coming toyou.
Yo, Matt. What's up?
- What's up?
- Can we talk toyou for a second?
Dude, I'm with my girl here.
- Oh.
- Sorry, man.
- Should we come back?
- No. I'llleaveyou guys alone.
- What's up?
- What's up with those girls?
- What about 'em?
- Are they, like, uh--
- Are they porn stars?
- Yeah.
Shit!
I knew I recognized them.
I knew it.
- Can we meet 'em?
- Yeah.
How'd you boys like
to be in a movie?
- What are these?
- Your scripts.
Sign the release form
at the top.
Come on, you guys, wait up!
- Are these our actors?
- Just these two.
- What about me, dude?
- Oh, sorry, bro.
The party's all full.
Gentlemen.
As an artist, I want it to come
from a truthfulplace.
Holy shit.
- Ferrari, Ferrari, focus.
- Oh, okay.
- I can do this. Don't worry.
- Think Meryl Streep, Sophie's Choice.
- Hey.
Next location!
Come on! Move!
Move, move, move! Let's go!
Please! I gotta be in this!
Shut up. Take this.
Aw, come on!
Take the pain! Take the pain!
Get up! Come on!
May I have a word with you?
- What's up?
- I found this in the hallway.
Do you know what this is?
No. What is it?
Looks like a release form
for something.
Yeah, I...
don't know what it is.
Have a good night.
You're strong,
you're firm...
butyou
have a secret.
Show that to me.
Thankyou.
Forwhat?
I neverwent to prom.
Excuse me, sir?
We have a problem.
- What's wrong?
- Derek didn't work out.
- What happened?
- Let's just say he wasn't strong or firm.
- Guys, I can't work like this!
- Okay, relax.
- We'll just get somebody else.
- There is nobody else.
- I thought everyone's dyin' to be in this.
- Not this scene.
All right.
This is the key scene.
Ifwe don't get this,
Hugo's not gonna buy it.
Well, somebody's
gotta step up.
- Whyyou lookin' at me?
- Becauseyou're doing it.
Whoa, Mr. I-just-want-to-
bang-hot-chicks.
Here's your first chance.
Klitz, I can't act
and direct.
- Oh, okay, fine. I'll direct.
- Oh, you're a director now.
- Yeah, I'm a director.
- Okay, Spielberg, what lens
I 'll do it.
You guys have been great,
but this is my mess. I 'll clean it up.
Matt, Matt, your face is gonna be in this.
Think about that.
- Come here, baby.
- Uh, let's, uh--
Uh, picture's up, people.
- Areyou ready, hon?
- Yeah. Okay, let's do this.
And... action!
What the hell is
going on in here?
- Nobody move!
- Ah, shit.
Who is in charge ofthis?
I asked you people
a question!
Who is in charge here?
Fuck it.
All right,
everybodytake five.
- What's wrong?
- I can't do this.
What happened?
What areyou gonna do?
I don't know.
It doesn't matter.
No. I'll do it.
- Klitz, it's cool.
- No, no. I'm doing it.
Why?
'Cause we're a fuckin' tripod.
All right, here we go, people.
Picture's up!
Listen, I know this is
unprofessional...
but I think
you're really cute.
- Yeah, right.
- I'm serious.
Really cute.
How we doing, Klitzy?
Fucking great, man.
Let's do this.
And action!
Seeyou, guys.
Good night, guys.
So, what's the craziest thing
you've done lately?
- Hello?
- We're dead.
- Eli?
- Dude, the tape's not here. I can't find it.
- What?
- Dude, I'm not kidding, okay?
- All right, calm down.
- No, dude, you calm down! It's gone!
- What doyou mean, it's gone?
- I mean it's frickin' gone!
Somebody stole it!
Jesus Christ!
Matthew,
could you come in here?
This is Mr. Simon.
Hesays he has something
veryimportant to discuss with us.
Sit down.
Actually, ifyou don't mind...
may I have a word
with the boy alone first?
Sure.
So how was prom?
- That's mine.
- You know, we were fine.
But now you go and do this?
This was my idea.
Now I'm really gonna
fuckyour shit up.
- I'm gonna need that back.
- Oh.
Take it from me.
Yeah.
What are you gonna do?
I don't have to do anything.
Hugo Posh will.
He's mypartner on this.
Fifty-fifty.
So could I please
have mytape back?
Fucky--
Fuckyou. I'm taking
your half then.
No. That money's
going to Samnang.
The money
you stole from him.
You say that like I care.
I don't give a shit.
You're giving me your half.
- And if I don't?
- Showtime.
Okay.
- Okay, what?
- Show 'em the tape.
I'm not fuckin' around.
I just don't care anymore.
This... is gonna be
interesting.
Dan, Marci, Mr. Salinger...
wouldyou mindjoining me
in the living room fora second?
Great.
Matthew, is there anything you want
to say before we watch this?
Okay, then.
On with the show.
Hello. I'm April.
And I'm Ferrari.
You may recognize us as stars
ofthe adult entertainment industry...
andtodaywe're taking time out to talk
about a veryimportant subject.
- Sex.
Special events
such as seniorprom...
place added pressure
on young teens...
to lose their virginity and
engage in unprotected sex.
I know I lost myvirginity
at my senior prom.
When did you
loseyours, April?
- Um, when I was 10.
- Moving on!
In this video,
we'll go through everything...
from kissing to foreplay.
And for our finale, we'll show you
how to put a condom on properly...
using a real person.
No cucumbers or bananas
in this video.
So forthose ofyou
naughtyboys...
expecting to see
a raunchyporn video...
you might as well
turn this off now...
- becauseyou're not gonna see sex.
- What the fuck is this shit?
You're gonna see
sex education.
This is interesting,
Matthew.
Yeah. Yeah.
I think
it's a great idea.
Well, you rememberthose sex ed films
back in our day.
I'll tell ya, ifthey
were anything like this...
we surewould've paid more attention,
don'tyou think?
I think it's atrocious.
But... the hell with it.
The kids today are
so goddamn screwed up...
maybe this is the onlyway
you can reach them.
You just might have
something here, Matthew.
I think it's prettywild.
This could really sell,
don't you think?
How'd you come up
with such an idea, Matthew?
What can I say?
It's like a gift, you know?
It's like I can't control it.
CourtneyBooth. I will
always rememberlate nights in cabby.
Eric Zierdal.
I will always remember--
Kurt Kilgore.
Joseph Croft. I will always remember
wrestling State--
Matthew Kidman.
I will always remember...
the three legs ofthe tripod...
I ' m here with H ugo Posh, the producer of
Adult Education...
the hottest-selling
sex education video ever made...
being utilized in classrooms
across the globe.
H ugo, you're known pri mari ly
as a hard-core pornographer, correct?
- My business partner...
- Let me break it down foryou.
Hugo Posh isn't just tits.
He isn't just ass.
I mean, yes, he is those things,
but Hugo Posh is also heart.
What an ass-bag.
Fuckin' kid.
Mystudent adviser...
All right, people!
Let's make some fuckie-fuckie.
Now, Hugo, you andyour
partner have made millions on this.
So who is
this si lent partner?
Well, he prefers
to remain anonymous.
You better
cure cancer, kid.
The next Einstein...
All right, yeah,
next question.
- All right.
- Eli's calling card...
- How about you, buddy?
- Mr. Brooks, why did you
- Don't you thinkyou're a little young?
- Shut the fuck up!
Next question!
Faster!
I got the tape! I got the tape!
I got the tape!
For our finale, I will now
demonstrate the proper technique...
for putting a condom
on the real thing.
- Is myvolunteerready?
- Klitz's big debut...
- Shut up, shut up, shut up.
Here he is, here he is.
Jesus. Look at that guy.
He is huge.
My own scholarship to Georgetown...
and, ofcourse,
I'll neverforget...
the girl next door.
As for me...
I'm just goin' with it.